MARKETING-UK
HEADLINE	Olive Virgin Oil
The Ultimate Facial Oil
INTRO	(Badge: 4.9 star rating out of 396 reviews)

There’s a reason facial oils are getting all the love right now. They offer an intensive boost of moisture to all skin types — yes, even oily skin — while nourishing your complexion from within.

Olive Virgin Oil is a botanical face oil that hydrates and nourishes with 100% organic olive oil. This pure, lightweight oil melts into your skin to impart an effortless glow.

INTRO CTA	Buy Now
INTRO CTA URL	https://www.dhcuk.co.uk/olive-virgin-oil.html
TESTIMONIALS CAROUSEL	[5 stars graphic]
‘Excellent product.
I can't be without this oil, it's absolutely the best for my skin, been using it for years.’ — Pam.k,  West Yorkshire, UK

[5 stars graphic]
‘This is my new favourite skincare product.
After application, my skin glows. I love this product so much.’ — murphette, Georgia

[5 stars graphic]
‘Love it!
I have very dry skin and applying a small amount after my moisturiser has helped keep my skin more moist.’ — Kelly50, Texas

[5 stars graphic]
‘I was very surprised at how much I liked it.
Absorbs and plumps up my skin. Lasts all day. Smells fresh and clean.’ — Joannexmas, New Jersey

[5 stars graphic]
‘Favourite Face Oil!
My incredibly dry and sensitive skin loves this oil. This has been a great find.’ — Erin Z, California

[5 stars graphic]
‘Lovely product.
This feels so hydrating and good for your skin. I can still feel the moisture in the A.M.’ — Calgirl, California

[5 stars graphic]
‘Great stuff.
I suggested my husband try it, his skin looks healthy.’ — Sandy1962, New Jersey

KEY INGREDIENTS	1 Perfect Ingredient

Olive Virgin Oil is a facial moisturiser with just one ingredient: first-crush organic olive oil, harvested in Spain and ultra-purified in Japan.

Lightweight texture absorbs instantly to deliver deep, long-lasting moisture. Pure pure olive oil protects skin with botanical antioxidants without clogging pores.

Nourishing
Rich in protective squalane and vitamins A, D, E and K. Abundant in omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids as well as polyphenols that help fight oxidative damage that shows up as ageing, tired-looking skin.

Antioxidant
Helps fight signs of ageing by preventing damage caused by free radicals and environmental impurities.

Moisturising
Oleic acid, a key component of olive oil, mimics the skin’s natural oil to soften and promote elasticity.

Non-Comedogenic
Lightweight, pure oil doesn’t clog pores.


BLOG TIE-IN	Organic Harvest
Discover how ripe, fresh organic olives are transformed into your favourite facial moisturiser.

BLOG TIE-IN CTA	Learn More
BLOG TIE-IN CTA URL	Blog task here: https://www.wrike.com/open.htm?id=312056837
REGIMEN	So Many Uses

This luxe, natural facial oil is surprisingly versatile. Explore the many ways you can use Olive Virgin Oil!

More Moisture
Mix a few drops into your favorite moisturiser or layer it over a serum. Olive Virgin Oil’s lightweight texture never clogs pores or feels heavy.

Simply Soft
Toner + Olive Virgin Oil: two simple steps add up to double the softness. Place toning lotion in your hands and pat it all over your face. While your face is still damp, rub Olive Virgin Oil in your hands to warm, then pat it into your skin.

Treat Your Hair
Rub a few drops of Olive Virgin Oil in your hands to warm it, and smooth it on flyaway strands and dry ends.

Nuture Your Nails
Massage a few drops of Olive Virgin Oil into your cuticles to hydrate the skin around your nails and protect them.

COLLECTION	Put an Olive Oil Regimen on Repeat

Make Olive Virgin Oil part of a complete Japanese skincare regimen powered by complexion-boosting olive oil and see smoother, brighter skin.

REGIMEN CTA	Shop the Collection
REGIMEN CTA URL	https://www.dhcuk.co.uk/shop/skincare/olive-originals.html
TESTIMONIAL	n/a, we are using a carousel
SUGGESTED PRODUCT
SUGGESTED PRODUCT CTA
SUGGESTED PRODUCT CTA URL
VIDEO
VIDEO CTA
VIDEO CTA URL
